---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I am currently an Associate Professor at the School of Intelligent Systems Engineering, Sun Yat-sen University.
I received the B.S. degree from the University of Electronic Science and
Technology of China, Chengdu, China, in 2012 and the Ph.D. degree from the University of Chinese Academy of Sciences (UCAS) supervised by
Prof. [Fei-Yue Wang](http://people.ucas.ac.cn/~wangfeiyue?language=en), Beijing, China, in 2017. From 2015 to 2017, I was supported by UCAS as a joint-supervision Ph.D student in Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, Troy, NY, USA. My
co-advisor is Prof. [Qiang Ji](https://www.ecse.rpi.edu/~qji/). 

My research interests include deep learning, computer vision, pattern recognition and their applications in driver behavior monitoring, human computer 
interaction, medical image analysis, autonomous driving and automatic scene perception in intelligent transportation systems.

Updates
=====
* <font color="#dd0000">We have intern, full-time research, Ph.D and Master student positions recently. If you are interested please send your CV to me.</font>
* 2024.07 One paper is accepted by Pattern Recognition 2024.
* 2024.06 two papers are accepted by PRCV 2024.
* 2024.03 One paper is accepted by ICME 2024. Video examples generated by the proposed DrivingGen are available in our [project page](https://gzp6688.github.io/DrivingGen).
* 2024.02 One paper is accepted by CVPR 2024. We publicly release [Interactive Gaze (IG)](https://yuchen2199.github.io/Interactive-Gaze/), the first large-scale interaction-centric gaze fixation dataset.
* 2023.12 Three papers are accepted by ICASSP 2024 
* 2023.11 One paper is accepted by International Journal of Computer Vision 
* 2023.11 We have been the [winner(1st)](https://sites.google.com/view/road-r/winners) of ROAD-R(the Road Event Detection with Requirements) challenge for Neurips2023.
* 2023.11 One paper is accepted by  IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurement 
* 2023.09 One paper is accepted by IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Transportation Systems 2023
* 2023.08 One paper is accepted by IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Vehicles 2023
* 2023.07 One paper is accepted by ACMMM 2023
* 2023.06 One paper is accepted by Computer Vision and Image Understanding 2023
* We have been the winner(1st) of HOMAGE Competition@ ActivityNet Challenge in CVPR 2022, and were invited to give a [presentation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KK3SPK6iueE) about the solution for scene graph generation.
* One paper is accepted by IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Vehicles 2022
* One paper is accepted by Knowledge-Based Systems 2022
* One paper is accepted by Pattern Recognition 2022
* One paper is accepted by ICML 2021.
* One paper is accepted by IEEE Transactions on Cybernetics 2021
* One paper is accepted by IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Transportation Systems 2021
* One paper is accepted by Transactions on Fuzzy Systems 2020.
* One paper is accepted by ACMMM 2020 and wins the <font color="#dd0000">Best Student Paper</font> award. Congratuations to Wenbo.
* One paper is accepted by IJCAI 2020.
* One paper is accepted by ECAI 2020.
* One paper is accepted by CVPR 2020.


